I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
Or are you okay?
Today started out well.
But after the meeting tonight,
my feelings were hurt.
Earlier in the week,
we invited some friends over to watch a movie.
And apparently,
this new young elder heard about it.
So he counseled me about it after the meeting,
saying I should give my movie choices some thought.
I just didn't like the way he gave the counsel.
He's only 27th.
That's too young.
The next day we had plans to go out in the ministry
with Brother Kong in his wife.
But the motivation just wasn't there.
I asked to speak with Brother Kong alone.
I told him what happened
and how we didn't feel the counsel applied to us.
I can understand how you might feel.
But be young too.
Be absolutely honest with me.
Do you feel there is no valid reason for that counsel?
Or maybe there were some scenes
that could have been less violent.
But the way he gave the counsel,
he didn't even ask how we felt.
Young Su, what is the only way
for us to receive perfect counsel?
From a perfect man.
That's right.
And is Jesus here on the earth today?
He was right.
Counsel can only be perfect.
If it's given from a perfect person.
Still, this counsel about our movie choices
would have been so much easier.
If it came from someone older and more experienced like Brother Kong.
Well, he must have sensed what I was thinking.
Because he helped me to remember something from the Bible.
When Job underwent severe trials,
it was the younger Alayhu who helped Job
adjust his thinking correctly.
It required humility on Job's part
to listen to someone younger and less experienced.
He then read Proverbs chapter 19 verse 20.
Listen to counsel and accept discipline
in order to become wise in your future.
The point was clear.
Keep our focus on the counsel,
not the counselor.
I later shared Brother Kong's comments with my wife.
We both realized we should welcome all counsel from Jehovah.
It's for our good.
I'm sure it took courage for that young elder
to approach me about the matter.
But I'm so glad he did.
Because in the end,
his counsel was just another example of God's love.